**************************************
            INTRODUCTION
**************************************
Players:              2 to 6 (age 13+)
Playing time:         45-60 minutes
Contents:             1 gameboard
                      6 tokens
	              6 race cards
                      15 hare cards
                      18 lettuce cards
Carrot cards in denominations of:
[1, 5, 10, 15, 30, 60]
======================================
======================================
HARE & TORTOISE is a race game with a
difference. you don't move round the
track by a rolling dice and obeying
instructions, BUT by spending carrots
and spending them wisely. In this game
you can always move as far as you like
so long as you have enough carrots to
pay for it.
(You start with 65 carrots and earn 
more by landing on certain squares.)
The catch is that the further you move,
the more you have to pay.)
So players who are ahead too fast, run
out of carrots first and then lose
valuable time trying to get them back.
Meanwhile, those who plod along like
tortoise have so many carrots left that
they stand a good chance of overtaking
the hares.

The skill of the game lies in choosing
the right square to land on and in
playing the hare or tortoise depending
on your position. The fun in it lies in
changing other players positions by
overtaking them-or even moving backwards
Sometimes it's right to leap ahead.
Sometimes it's best to lag behind.
But all the time it's down to YOU to
make the right decision.

              Off you go.
    And may the best animal win!